What should you do if you can’t finish an assignment before the
deadline?

I may delay any assignment deadline by 48 hours by submitting a late pass notification 
form before the original deadline. (There is no need for any other communication in this 
case.) If I need to extend an assignment deadline more than 48 hours, or if I did not submit 
a late pass notification in time, I must email the instructor with an initial timeline for
completing all parts of the assignment and plan for when and how I will report your on progress.

Is it ever acceptable to view another student’s code? If so, under
what circumstances?

It's only acceptable when you are collaborating with another student and working
as a team on an assignment.

Is it acceptable for two individuals to write a full code solution
together on a whiteboard or shared document, then immediately type it
up in their individual assignment submissions?

No, it's not acceptable.

When is it acceptable for one individual student to offer another
individual student help understanding an error message?

When the error message is not from an "independent" problem, which requires students 
to complete independently. 

Give an example of when it is not acceptable to discuss high-level
strategies for part of an assignment with another student.

When you are working with student A as a team on an assignment but student B 
who belongs to a different team asks you about a specific problem on the 
assignment, it's not acceptable because "you must not communicate detailed 
algorithms, implementations, code, formulae, or other detailed solution steps 
with other teams."

Why should you run CS 240 code on the CS Linux environment (remotely
through VS Code/SSH from your computer or directly in the SCI L037 CS
Systems Lab) instead of installing a C compiler and working with code
directly on your own computer?

Low-level system details matter in this course. The CS staff guarantees
support (help with provided tools) and consistency (their grading and your testing 
use the same environment) only for work in a CS 240 GNU/Linux computing environment.

What is one good next step if compiling or running your code raises an
error you do not understand?

Try looking it up in the assignment, associated tool documentation, 
or a web search to understand what the error means.